docs: clarify forkProcessing filename (#21021)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## forkProcessing

By default, Renovate will skip over any repositories that are forked if Renovate is using `autodiscover` mode.
This includes if the forked repository has a Renovate config file in the repo, because Renovate can't tell if that file was added by the original repository or not.

> If you wish to enable processing of a forked repository by Renovate when autodiscovering, you need to add `"forkProcessing": "enabled"` to your repository `renovate.json` or run the CLI command with `--fork-processing=enabled`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you wish to enable processing of a forked repository by Renovate when autodiscovering, you need to add `"forkProcessing": "enabled"` to your repository config or run the CLI command with `--fork-processing=enabled`.
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note

>     Only the filename `renovate.json` is supported for `forkProcessing`. You cannot use other filenames such as `.github/renovate.json`.

Reviewer: couldn't this be changed for self-hosted onboarding file name config?

>     Only the filename `renovate.json` is supported for `forkProcessing`. You cannot use other filenames such as `.github/renovate.json`.

Author: ```suggestion
    Only the `onboardingConfigFileName` (which defaults to `renovate.json`) is supported for `forkProcessing`. You cannot use other filenames because Renovate will use the platform API to check only for the default filename.
```
